CASMCVT-221 Update to create system config using CDS (#4026)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/create_system_config_cds.md

Reviewer: This file should be renamed to `install/Create_System_Configuration_Using_Cluster_Discovery_Service.md`, to follow the naming convention that we try to use in this repository. Some old files do not follow it, but all new ones should. Specifcally, the file base name should be the same as the title of the page, including using the same capitalization, but replacing spaces with underscores, and removing any characters that are not alphanumeric, dahses, or underscores.

> # Create system configuration using cluster discovery service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create System Configuration Using Cluster Discovery Service
```

1. (`pit#`) Make the `prep` and `cds` directory.

   ```bash
   mkdir -pv "${PITDATA}/prep/cds"
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Change into the `cds` directory.

   ```bash
   cd "${PITDATA}/prep/cds"
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Set `CVT_PATH` variable.

   ```bash
   CVT_PATH=/opt/src/cluster-config-verification-tool/
   ```

## Topics

1. [Customize `system_config.yaml`](#1-customize-system_configyaml)
1. [Configure the management network](#2-configure-the-management-network)
1. [Configure auto-discovery](#3-configure-auto-discovery)
    1. [Configure `dnsmasq`](#31-configure-dnsmasq)
    1. [Verify and reset the BMCs](#32-verify-and-reset-the-bmcs)
    1. [Verify the discover status](#33-verify-the-discover-status)
    1. [Collect and compare the inventory data](#34-collect-and-compare-the-inventory-data)
1. [Generate seed files and paddle file](#4-generate-seed-files-and-paddle-file)
1. [Stop discovery](#5-stop-discovery)
1. [Run CSI](#6-run-csi)
1. [Prepare Site Init](#7-prepare-site-init)
1. [Initialize the LiveCD](#8-initialize-the-livecd)
1. [Next topic](#next-topic)

## 1. Customize `system_config.yaml`

1. (`pit#`) Change into the `prep` directory.

   ```bash

>    cd "${PITDATA}/prep"

Reviewer: This fenced code block is opened but not closed, which is likely causing many of the linter errors.

````suggestion
   cd "${PITDATA}/prep"
   ```
````

   >   [CSM Overview](../introduction/csm_overview.md).
   > - To enable or disable audit logging, refer to [Audit Logs](../operations/security_and_authentication/Audit_Logs.md)
   >   for more information.
   > - If the system is using a `cabinets.yaml` file, be sure to update the `cabinets-yaml` field with `'cabinets.yaml'` as its value.

   ```bash
   vim system_config.yaml
   ```

## 2. Configure the management network

1. (`pit#`) Change into the `cds` directory.

   ```bash
   cd "${PITDATA}/prep/cds"
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Set up the `bond0` network interface as follows:

   - Configure `bond0` interface for single VLAN:

     ```bash
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/network_setup.py --mtlip <ipaddr>,<netmask>,<slave0>,<slave1>
     ```

   - Configure `bond0` interface for HMN configured network (VLAN 1, 2, and 4):

     ```bash
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/network_setup.py --mtlip <ipaddr>,<netmask>,<slave0>,<slave1> --hmnip <ipaddr>,<netmask>,<vlanid> --nmnip <ipaddr>,<netmask>,<vlanid>
     ```

     The variables and their descriptions are as follows:

     | Variable  | Description  |
     | ---       |  ---         |
     | ipaddr    | IP address   |
     | netmask   | netmask value |

>      | slave0, slave1 | Network Interface |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | slave0, slave1 | network interface |
```

     | vlanid    | VLAN ID number |

     > **NOTE**: The IP address value, netmask value, network interface, and VLAN ID are available in the `system_config.yaml` file in the `prep` directory.

## 3. Configure auto-discovery

### 3.1 Configure Dnsmasq

1. (`pit#`) Configure Dnsmasq and PXE Boot.

   - Configure Dnsmasq for single VLAN:

     ```bash
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --iprange <dhcp_ip_start>,<dhcp_ip_end>,<subnet>,<leasetime> --interface bond0
     ```

     Where, `leasetime` is an optional variable.

>      Example Script:

Reviewer 2: can we change this to Example command?

>      Example Script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Example command:
```

     ```bash
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --iprange 10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x,255.x.x.x,24h --interface bond0
     ```

   - Configure Dnsmasq for HMN configured network (VLAN 1, 2, and 4):

     ```bash

>      "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --mtlrange <admin_node_mtl_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip> 
>      --nmnrange <admin_node_nmn_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip> --hmnrange <admin_node_hmn_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --mtlrange <admin_node_mtl_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip> \
                                          --nmnrange <admin_node_nmn_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip> \
                                          --hmnrange <admin_node_hmn_ip>,<start_ip>,<end_ip>
```

     ```

>      Example Script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Example command:
```

     ```bash

>      "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --mtlrange 10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x  --nmnrange 10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x  --hmnrange 10.x.x.x,10..x.x.x,10.x.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_enable.py --mtlrange 10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x  \
                                          --nmnrange 10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x,10.x.x.x  \
                                          --hmnrange 10.x.x.x,10..x.x.x,10.x.x.x
```

     ```

     > **NOTE**: The `iprange` for single VLAN or `mtliprange`, `nmniprange`, and `hmniprange` for HMN configured network are available in the `system_config.yaml` file in the `prep` directory.

### 3.2 Verify and reset the BMCs

> The following steps will verify if IPs are assigned to the BMC nodes and reset the nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps will verify if IP addresses are assigned to the BMC nodes, and then reset the nodes.
```

> 1. (`pit#`) If you want to dynamically discover the fabric switches, PDUs, and CMCs, ensure they are set to `dhcp` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If wanting to dynamically discover the fabric switches, PDUs, and CMCs, then ensure that they are set to DHCP mode.
```

1. (`pit#`) List the BMC nodes.

   ```bash

>    "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_start.py -u bmc_username -p bmc_password --list

Reviewer: Is the user expected to replace `bmc_username` and `bmc_password` with the actual values? Or are those the names of environment variables that have been previously exported? For security reasons, we should not have users passing passwords on command lines. If they need to pass in a password, then they should assign it to an environment variable, export that variable, and then the script can read it from that variable.

Reviewer 3: we will make it interactive for password to be taken to address the security issues.

In the upcoming fixes it would be added

   ```

1. Verify that all the required nodes are listed.

   Example output:

   ![List the BMC nodes](../img/install/List_BMC_nodes.png)

1. (`pit#`) Reset the listed BMC nodes.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_start.py -u bmc_username -p bmc_password --reset
   ```

### 3.3 Verify the discover status

> **NOTE**: If the fabric switches, PDUs, and CMCs were not configured to `dhcp` mode in the step [Verify and reset the BMCs](#32-verify-and-reset-the-bmcs), manually create the `fabricswlist`, `pdulist`, and `cmclist` files in the working directory.

> The following steps verify the status and lists the IPs of nodes, fabric switches, PDUs, and CMCs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps verify the status and lists the IP addresses of nodes, fabric switches, PDUs, and CMCs:
```

> 1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IPs of the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IP addresses of the nodes.
```

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_status.py nodes --out
   ```

   1. (`pit#`) Create a `bond0` network interface on all the listed nodes.

      ```bash
      pdsh -w^nodelist -x localhost "sh "${CVT_PATH}"/scripts/create_bond0.sh"
      ```

   1. Ensure that `bond0` network interface is created on all the nodes listed in the `nodelist`.

      Example output:

      ![Bond0 Network Interface](../img/install/create_bond0.png)

> 1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IPs of the fabric switches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IP addresses of the fabric switches.
```

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_status.py fabric --username fabric_username --password fabric_password --out
   ```

> 1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IPs of the PDUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IP addresses of the PDUs.
```

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_status.py pdu --username pdu_username --password pdu_password --out
   ```

> 1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IPs of the CMCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Verify the status and list the IP addresses of the CMCs.
```

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/discover_status.py cmc --username cmc_username --password cmc_password --out
   ```

### 3.4 Collect and compare the inventory data

#### 3.4.1 Dynamic Data Collection

1. (`pit#`) Copy the SSH key to setup passwordless-SSH for the localhost.

   ```bash
   ssh-copy-id localhost
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Collect the hardware inventory data.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/system_inventory.py --nodefile nodelist
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Collect the fabric inventory data.

   ```bash

>    "${CVT_PATH}"/fabric_inventory.py --switchfile ./cds/fabricswlist --username switch_username --password switch_password

Reviewer: The user should not specify the password on the command line. See the previous comment about this earlier in the page.

   ```

1. (`pit#`) Collect the management network inventory.

>    1. Manually, create a `mgmtswlist` file in the working directory listing the IPs of management switches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Manually, create a `mgmtswlist` file in the working directory listing the IP addresses of management switches.
```

>    2. (`pit#`) Collect the mangement network inventory data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. (`pit#`) Collect the management network inventory data.
```

      ```bash
      "${CVT_PATH}"/management_inventory.py --switchfile mgmtswlist --password password --username username
      ```

1. (`pit#`) Collect the PDU inventory data.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/pdu_cmc_inventory.py --pdu_file pdulist
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Collect the CMC inventory data.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/cds/pdu_cmc_inventory.py --cmc_file cmclist
   ```

#### 3.4.2 SHCD data population

1. Copy the SHCD files to the present working directory.

> 1. (`pit#`) Create a JSON file using the CANU tool, see [Validate the SHCD](../operations/network/management_network/validate_shcd.md#validate-the-shcd).
> 
>    Example script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Create a JSON file using the CANU tool.

   See [Validate the SHCD](../operations/network/management_network/validate_shcd.md#validate-the-shcd).

   Example command:
```

   ```bash
   canu validate shcd --shcd SHCD.xlsx --architecture V1 --tabs 40G_10G,NMN,HMN --corners I12,Q38,I13,Q21,J20,U38 --json --out cabling.json
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Store the SHCD data in the CVT database.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/parse_shcd.py --canu_json_file cabling.json
   ```

#### 3.4.3 Server classification

1. (`pit#`) Classify the servers.

>    ```bash
>    "${CVT_PATH}"/scripts/server_classification.py --no_of_workers <N>
>    ```
> 
>    Where, the variable `<N>` describes the number of worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > In the following command, replace `<N>` with the number of worker NCNs in the system.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/scripts/server_classification.py --no_of_workers <N>
   ```
```

#### 3.4.4 Compare the SHCD data with CVT inventory data

1. (`pit#`) List the snapshot IDs of the SHCD and the CVT inventory data.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/shcd_compare.py --list
   ```

1. (`pit#`) Compare the SHCD data with the CVT inventory data.

   ```bash
   "${CVT_PATH}"/shcd_compare.py --shcd_id <SnapshotID_SHCD> --cvt_id <SnapshotID_CVT>
   ```

>    Example script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example command:
```
